I'm very happy to be here today with
Lulu he's one of the founders of covert
action information bulletin CAI be as it
was also known was a seminal alternative
media magazine it was famous for
covering and countering CIA over actions
across the globe it was originally
published between 1978 and 2005 both as
covert action information bulletin and
covert action quarterly and is about to
be relaunched online as covert action
magazine at covert action magazine comm
so thank you very much for speaking with
me today I really appreciate it and this
is very exciting it thank you Dave so
much it's my privilege and honor thank
you before we get into the history of
covert action magazine will you tell us
about the relaunch who's involved what's
the hopes for it this time around and
and what are your plans for it
absolutely we it's actually you put in
the in the future tense actually we have
now relaunched the magazine after a
lapse of some 13 years since 2005 until
today that was necessitated by the fact
that my my first wife was dying of
kidney cancer and then I lost my leg to
an amputation but suddenly and so we had
to put it on hold but even at that time
we envisioned possibly really coming
back returning to publication and that's
exactly what we're doing today one of
our co-founders is the son of Philip
Agee Chris Agee Christopher Agee an
extraordinary man a professor in New
York who teaches now 11 courses that has
an odd young professor Lowell with with
starvation pay which he gets and but he
is a master of just like his father of
understanding what all this is about and
I consider him my my I'm an apostle of
Chris AG I'd like his father and the
other people that are organizing this or
immanuel messes a professor also Mike
Locker was one of the founder founders
of North American Congress of Latin
America
mark mark cook another professor and an
academic and a researcher Josh Josh
Klein who is a professor I'm sorry I'm
unable to give you the details right now
because I'm sitting in a chair I didn't
write it down head but no no of course
let's all very qualified people and Sam
al-kahf who's one of the cofounders of
democracy now with Amy Goodman and we
have some other folks as well on board
so it's hundreds of growing we now have
a a
Advisory Board of several almost 17
people now so we're making it a very
serious effort this is not the hobby or
you know a part-time issue for us it's a
it's a full-time project which will
necessitate serious attention to detail
to his dark detail to academic detail
and to facts not not what the clown and
the White House talks about fake fake
news this is the real story and that's
that's what we're going to do thank you
no very good in my right to Newton
pleasure you're going to publish online
at covert action magazine calm and then
you're going to put out one one issue a
year for subscribers that's correct
right that's correct actually this is
our 40th anniversary in 2018 we started
in 1978 so our effort and our vision is
just have a 40th anniversary print issue
but we're already if you go to our
website there are articles up there
we're interviews and you know breaking
news
so forth which is not likely to find its
way into the mainstream media and it's
not only about better known things about
the lesser-known the the hidden history
like is so wonderfully represented in
your publication or in your your website
they and most of the history of these
kinds of operations are hidden from
sight obviously when we talk about the
CIA we talk about any all manner of
operations which actually beg your your
disbelief and knowing what they will do
I mean it never ceases to amaze us who
study these issues and study that
particular agency and its allied
agencies as well what they will stoop to
what they will conceive of what they
will raise as their objectives and as
their priorities and it's no
exaggeration over the years we've
highlighted a whole range of different
aspects of these things but I want to
stress here it's not just the CIA the
CIA works in alliance with other
agencies of this government has done so
since since its inception since its
founding in 1947 which of course chief
among them includes the Pentagon it also
includes other agencies such as the u.s.
Information Agency or u.s. ia includes
AI D the agency for international
development and includes a whole host of
not just contractors but so-called NGOs
national non-governmental organizations
and they are one of the most the NGOs
are among the most vigorous advocates of
these kinds of operations and when you
refer to those are you talking about the
National Endowment for democracy well
which I always have said is the most
missed name agency or organization that
you can imagine it to call something the
National Endowment for democracy when
you go to their even their own website
or to their national reports their
yearly annual reports it's like a road
map to what the CIA is doing without it
being officially the CIA in fact the
founder of the NID was once quoted in
the Washington Post well we do today
what the CIA was not allowed to do was
outlawed from doing before we do it
publicly and he was proud of that and he
never denied saying that and anyd my
gosh if you invite your listeners to
know better what anyd is doing and when
they're involved in in over 75 countries
both allies and enemies of the United
States in destabilization in throwing an
election or being involved in elections
and in some cases throwing those
elections as they did in Nicaragua as
they have tried recently again to do in
Venezuela and as they've done in many
other places but the fact is that what
anyd does is is a cross government
operation and they get their funding
from Congress and it's it's a massive
operation one which people have to
understand is intricately involved in
covert activities as well well let's
let's go back and look to 1978 and even
a little before when you guys began I
wonder if you can before I even talk
about the magazine itself can you give
us a feel of the mood of the late 70s
when in the wake of Vietnam and
Watergate and things like the church
committee where there was kind of
dissent not just on the streets it was
even dissent in
the halls of Congress and the Senate to
some to some degree do you feel that
that feeling in a sense gave birth to
something like covert action and then
from there how did you guys who were the
founders and and how did you guys all
come to find each other and decide to do
this huge project that turned into a you
know multi decade magazine like that
well you know David is beautiful to look
back as I as I'm trying to do here forty
years later to understand that we were
inspired by the extraordinary example of
Philip Agee when he became one of the
though not the only first whistleblower
against the CIA but one of them when he
had just spent 12 years in Latin America
in Uruguay and Brazil in Ecuador and he
acknowledged publicly that and in his
books on company business and into two
later books on the run and the other one
I'm blanking right now and so he
acknowledged that he really woke up when
he was sitting in the office of the
police chief and want over there or why
and he said I heard this screaming going
on a man's voice and he was screaming
obviously in the pain and so he just
kept a police chief happy what's going
on he said Philippe he said the chief
said don't you remember you turned him
over to us last week and suddenly this
wave of horrible feeling came over Phil
and he realized that yes he was directly
implicated in that and behind that wall
being tortured at that moment and he
said that was the moment although he had
been thinking of quitting the CIA before
that but quitting our CIA is not an easy
thing to do
and he realized that that time he had to
work on actively to plan this exit from
the CIA then on to other people we
cofounders with us with Jim and he'll
see will cut Jim and Elsie were in the
CIA ALC was a secretary and Jim was a
finance officer and Jim's job was to sit
in a cage and all-out currencies of
dozens of different countries and he
told us and in fact in some of those
current with some of those currencies
were in fact were were created where I
was the word were actually counterfeited
by the CIA so there were actually
counterfeiting currencies of different
countries in order to destabilize the
economies in those countries so he was
sitting in his cage and and it was a
very threatening scary job because
you're surrounded by some pretty scary
and demented and self self you know
believing people working for the CIA
operations officers and one day he he
used to go up in here in the Piper Cub
because that was his release that was
his recreation so it fry this was when
they when he and Elsie were based in
Japan and so he went up to the drop in
the plane was flying around all of a
sudden he gets an urgent message from
the front of the base which in fact was
a US military base in Tokyo unlike in
most places in Tokyo at that time the
embassy it was not a part of the CIA or
was not a direct base for the CIA
and so he got the this message returned
the base return to base immediately so
he he landed the plane can walked into
the station as it's called the CIA
station there was a big party going on
he said hey what's going on here there
was champagne bottles popping and people
dancing in a lot of
and toasting champagne and everything
and me so what's going on nobody told me
it was a party well Jim didn't you know
and they turned out to Len down leaned
down and turn on Armed Forces TV Kennedy
had just been shot and they were
celebrating Wow and and he testified to
this before the Senate committee under
oath that that had happened and in fact
he even gave the name of a very
high-ranking CIA man who was identified
in one of our books as coming up to his
cage one day you know where he gave out
all this money and Jim was still in
shock about the the assassination and
the guy says what's wrong hey Jim why
why you so down what's gone and Jim said
I still can't believe our president is
dead Oh Jim don't you don't you remember
giving the money for the Oswald project
out of that cage I did what he said and
so that's the part of the story Jim and
I'll say wilcott co-founded with us with
us and then Ellen ray and Bill shap
Ellen had worked for as researcher with
with the DEA in New Orleans and in the
assassination of Kennedy hearing
investigation and so and then bill shap
was a military a defense lawyer for GIS
so helping people in that regard helping
guys get you know get justice out of out
of coming back from Vietnam and other
wars as well so that was the group that
founded the magazine and then we went on
to integrate other people writers from
all over the country and all over the
world actually in the span of
27 years from - from 1970 to 2005 by
Canada we had over 280 different authors
wrote for us during that time we are now
looking we're now hoping that we can
intend to include a number of them those
who were still living unfortunately a
number of them have passed in the
interim and it's it's very sad for me to
realize that I'm the only co-founder
still living and the others Michael
Ratner the co-founder of the Center for
Constitutional Rights and Bill Kunstler
the great international lawyer who was
one of the most amazing people who we
ever knew he was also a comedian so he
managed to mix comedy into the life that
he was trying to live in defending
people so that's sort of a beginning
well it's an incredible incredible list
of people in an incredible history to it
do you want to do you want to talk about
some of the early work you did I
definitely wouldn't like you to tell the
story of the law that eventually was
passed to sort of stymie or work by by
the Congress so do you want to talk
about some of what you were some of the
what you were doing to counter some of
the CIA operations and then how that law
came to affect you one of the things we
realized very early on back in 1978 was
that the the people that do the CIA's
dirty work most times not every time but
most times they're working undercover in
what is known as diplomatic cover in
where they have officers at the various
embassies around the world and this
follows on from 1948 the year after the
CIA was created with a agreement a
secret agreement for many years between
the State Department and the CIA which
permitted the CIA to have
Lots because they were known or
positions undercover in inside the
Diplomatic Service were people working
for the State Department as legitimate
diplomats these people were not
legitimate diplomats they're working
under under various forms of cover as
economic officers as political officers
as analysts and so forth under deep
cover or none I'm sorry under the under
diplomatic cover there is also a
category as I just mentioned the deep
cover people who do not work in the
embassies they never he actually even
are allowed to go near the embassy they
are called deep cover people and we got
once got hold of a document which was
the manual of the CIA training manual
for people under deep cover and what
they do for sometimes for years as
pretend to be all manner of people
whether tourists or whether religious
people you know as missionaries or as
academics of one kind or another
and these it's a very difficult and
dangerous job because in very demanding
job be because they have to work a day
job which is that that job they're
trying to pretend is what they do as a
day job and then at night for the most
part their job is to carry on deep-cover
activities for the CIA and so that
manual is created some waves when we
published it it's kind of boring to read
and yet actually it's a very valuable
insight to how the CIA is constructed
then we did it more and more research on
articles about the whole range of CIA
activities whether it's in Africa in
southern Africa in certainly in Angola
and Mozambique and
South Africa for years the u.s.
pretended that it was opposed to
apartheid in South Africa when in fact
the CIA on one hand and the and the
Congress was secretly supporting
apartheid and violating the the laws
that prevented trading with South Africa
and his secret exports to the apartheid
regime and then we wrote about the
Caribbean we wrote a lot about Cuba and
CIA whole and then you know dozens of
years of operations against Cuba
including over 700 attempts on only life
of Fidel Castro II that's documented and
not one of them succeeded he did end up
dying a natural death but he did not die
from from the efforts by the CIA to
either plant a poison a diving suit on
him because they used to looked at when
I go underwater and look at the coral
and exploding cigar that they tried to
put on him and so forth and so on we
wrote about Grenada the US invasion of
Grenada actually had occasion to visit
Grenada before the assassination of work
of Maurice Bishop who was an
extraordinary man actually Ellen and
bill introduced me to Maurice Bishop and
no less at the UN because he used to
he's first his education was first at
Howard University here in Washington and
so when he came to the UN as the prime
minister and he was received by a
massive crowd in New York and Brooklyn
as well as at the UN he was applauded
there and but before he got up to speak
he divided us into his a hotel room and
he's still in standing there is jockey
shorts
and he says uh what's going on here and
you know when we were talking about you
efforts to destabilize Grenada which was
already well well advanced and finally
his is his colleague came in and say
Maurice come on you got to give a talk
to the UN and a half an hour get ready
in there so it was an amazing experience
but in the end Maurice Bishop was set up
by a so-called self-described scientific
socialist who then ended up being
involved in a in a yep in a plan to
assassinate and in fact that's what
happened he and his entire his entire
cabinet it was seven people including
the Minister of Education and Jacqueline
Kraftwerk and Bishop and the five others
were stripped naked and lined up against
the wall and move down machine gun so
that's the way that's another expression
of how the CIA operates we wrote also
about a lot about Western Europe about
CIA operations in Europe and where Phil
had lived for Mythology had lived for a
number of years including in the UK
including in Germany in fact he was
driven up above six different Western
European countries by the CIA they he's
only the second person who to have his
US passport seized by the United States
first and only other person was the
great Paul Robeson and so they took
Phil's passport and claiming that he was
a super civ and he was going all over
the world which he was giving lectures
about the CIA and that's where I first
met him in the UK in and then Amsterdam
and I'll never forget
and both an Amsterdam and in Germany the
heavy heavy heavy blanket of
surveillance on one Phil and his family
and myself while we were there in fact
we uncovered a document which proved
that the CIA was plotting to kill Phil
the only reason it didn't was because
they decided according to the document
that the finger would point the right
back at them soon so it's not for lack
of wanting to kill them but they ended
up letting them live and let's see we
wrote about COINTELPRO the FBI's
operations massive operations against
the left and the black movement here in
the United States it's it's a strange
irony a very chilling irony that the US
the CIA I'm sorry the FBI has now
refounded something called the black
extra black extremist movement and so
now it's a very similar in fact almost
identical to : top row except it's aimed
again people of color who were
struggling against police killings
across the board and in this country of
black people and then there has some
things come up a call the blue lives
matter movement which is the police and
the police union and others saying well
blue lives matter more than black lives
if effectively that's what they're
saying so the gun culture is very active
in this country as we know the NRA and
its allies we hope to analyze further
the role of the NRA s
support from the US government at least
of which by the intelligence agencies
well it is fascinating when you go back
and look at your magazine all a lot of
the issues the great majority of the
issues that are appeared in your
magazine are still issues that we're
dealing with today whether they're its
environment and some climate change
whether it is things like us
interventions around the world whether
it's things like mass surveillance or
you know domestic repression that the
tactics may have changed but all those
issues are the same so that's why I'm so
excited to see your magazine come back
because you all have a 40 year history
of knowing about these same things and
you've seen them over the years so
that's why I uh
I'm really excited and I hope that
everybody's look I think a day for those
words and I know you your were sincere
and I mean my my I forgot to mention
what you were alluding to earlier was
the law that they ended up writing to
prevent her and daven from this case was
the CIA they acknowledged when we were
identifying as a CIA personnel from
wholly from public sources not a single
classified document but from public
sources particularly the State
Department biographic register which was
published since 1878
until the early part of the decade when
they ha they put it may be classified
and even though my understanding is not
highly classified it's just official use
only which is the lowest level of
classification but it is a classified
document that is where you find the
biographies of real State Department
people and then mixed in that document
and that the volume which is several
hundred pages are the biographies of CIA
personnel under diplomatic cover and so
we developed a methodology very
scientific methodology to a window out
the CIA people from
legitimate state department biographies
and and then we had a column in a
magazine called naming names let me
stress here that it was not because we
wanted to see them killed hardly in fact
we took the position that a CIA person
being assassinated is not going to it's
going to win them France except for
maybe for the people who suffer under
under the covert activities well one of
them was assassinated Richard Welch was
the CIA station chief in Athens and he
had been warned before moving to Athens
actually his predecessor was being
tailed and closely I mean even sitting
behind him in the in the movie theater
in the row right behind him so they knew
who he was this was a Greek underground
guerrilla group and so they were
planning to assassinate him and then the
next week suddenly he was gone
and had been transferred to Canada of
old as chief of station there and and
there there was Richard Welch so well
said and his wife had said we wanted to
move into the this house which was well
known as the station Chiefs house how
well-known well all the tourist buses
used to be driven by the house and they
driver would point over to that's the
house of the head of the CIA that's how
well known it was Walker was known and
then he was assassinated but we wrote
the official the full story the official
story about his death was that he had
been set up by us by Philip Agee when in
fact he had been named you know less
than five times before his assassination
being in in Peru and one time and
another time in Europe and before then
finally he was he was assassinated
he was allied very very closely with the
military dictatorship very brutal
dictatorship you know the generals in in
the 70s in in Greece actively supported
by the CIA so it was not like he was
blameless and that's that's the man
there was who assassinated we never we
never tried to claim that he should have
been assassinated no but the fact is
that it happened because he decided he
wanted to live in his house come hell or
high water I'm gonna stay there and my
wife likes the curtains and so forth and
so on and it was you know like a couple
of blocks from the embassy and you can
imagine the mind of the choice that he
made there right well that's sir since I
kuipers and then later I should add here
that law the Congress they wrote a law
which was a call the intelligence
identities Protection Act and which
outlawed anybody any journalist anybody
identifying any CIA or personnel whether
it's from public sources or secret
documents or anything else and this was
a bill of attainder actually aimed and
yours truly because I was doing the
research and I would sit in the Library
of Congress and the National Archives
doing methodical research very precise
not guesswork nothing like that it was
the real we actually eliminated some
dozens of people from our column because
we weren't absolutely sure that they
were CIA and so they wrote this law and
that's that's what became law which is
still law today why don't we start to
talk about some of the things that have
passed since since you all stopped
publication do you want to talk about
some of the event
that have happened today like I guess
you all stopped publication in 2005 we
were the United States was in the middle
of the a Iraq occupation and at that
point it was turning into a complete
civil war um do you want a war without
end not just a civil war I mean this is
what the US does is it's now literally
war without end that's the objective and
that is what's going on in before very
honest right and spreading into them
into other countries that's correct
well so what is um I guess you want to
talk a little bit about what what you
made of the Obama administration's
foreign policy maybe what the Arab
Spring meant and some of his other
policies such as what happened in the
Ukraine and things like that well sure
there there there came about during the
Obama administration they were called
color revolutions and and I have to
point out that the Obama administration
and we have to call them out going on
and what he did he set the tone for what
what we're watching now in terms of he
and his administration not just here
alone for massive violence using the use
of drones the use of highly
technological means of war including I
would add here biological war and
chemical war as well as drones and the
Air Force bombing and so forth and you
know let's let's not forget that we owe
the us overthrow overthrew Qaddafi and
in in that case and and now it's being
talked about quite openly as the model
for bringing down Kim Jong women in
North Korea as them as if
that that's a model that is how that
Qaddafi first was diste his government
was in Libya was destabilized through
all manner of operations economic
warfare and and denial of food and
medicine and finally there was a wasn't
a popular revolution it was a use of CIA
in Pentagon paid guerrillas on the
streets and they they ended up capturing
him and beating him to death and in fact
if you go back and see the video video
of it he was actually disemboweled on
film you can see it what had happened so
and then for for Donald Trump and for
what's his name his national security
adviser no Bolton yeah John Bolton was
literally like a caveman in official
positions such as the National Security
Adviser his policies are really truly
bizarre and they're gaining Cretans
thanks to him I mean he by the way
Bolton is there without any Senate
confirmation he's put in place and and
just like the king of of this country
now he thinks he's a royalty and he can
do what he wants so let's not let's be
clear here that the United States is no
longer if it really ever was and in
recent history a democracy yeah it is it
is really becoming a dictatorship and if
you Hannah lies the definitions of
fascism I would I was I would say that
we are moving headlong towards fascism
we're not quite there yet but I do
believe that's where it's headed and
whatever happens with this
administration I'm not
confident of the the impeachment option
because I think what do we get then we
get Mike Pence it was even more even
more ominous and more dangerous than
Trump but you know the very fact that
the one of his best friends is his
Rodrigo Duterte in the Philippines who's
engaged in a massive killing operation
under the guise of fighting drugs well
it at Rompin we met with him in Manila
and then also in the White House and
they were big pals there so it's no
surprise that this is this is the kind
of people that he cultivates and that he
gets along with but you you cannot
believe a single word that comes out of
the man's mouth I mean he changes from
day to day certainly in the case of
North Korea he's done it just in the
past three or four days he does it used
to be Mexico the border wanting to build
the wall or you know everywhere you turn
US policy which by the way is is without
him naming ambassadors or under
secretaries of state you know the
rudimentary requirements for government
is that you have people in place in
different positions and there are dozens
of countries where there is either no
ambassador named several his nominees
for ambassadors were rejected by the by
the Sun and and yet he plows forward
thinking that he can live by Fiat he can
rule by Fiat and that he can rule by the
dictating and tweeting every every other
hour almost including in the middle of
the night I don't know what he does in
his bed but I can only guess but the
point is that that that the man rule
in a bizarre way let's be clear and and
he's approved he has an approval rating
why did people vote for him particularly
women after hearing what he said on that
bus so how how is it that he was allowed
in into the into the White House I would
say that and it's a long story but I
think it's partly to blame part of the
blame falls on the Democratic Party we
have one party with two names and there
are almost mirror images of each other
maybe some differences yes but not not
very real and so we there the pretense
of democracy in this country is fading
fast what do you see is coming up that's
looks very important and that you're
planning to cover in the next say six
months certainly high among them is
torture torture has become a cornerstone
of the US policy very publicly so it's
still going on even if there are there
are public a statement saying we don't
do that anymore I'm using their quotes
we don't do that anymore well all you
have to do is go to the record and see
what they were capable of doing and his
a lot of it is still going on inside of
the the whole range of CIA bases and
so-called black sites how racist is that
alone junior hospital who is now the
director of Central Intelligence was
proud to say at her confirmation hearing
when they asked her of his torture in
immoral and she she kind of stammered
and finally said oh I believe him in law
and whatever the US does it's it's
lawful well that was thanks to Bush here
lawyers who fashioned the intellect and
legal language similar to Adolf Hitler
it's a lot of what Hitler did was also
legal and so we intend to follow through
on these these uh this kind of work and
revelation as best we can we have a
number of people who know a lot about
the historical role the torturers played
in CIA operations in the world you know
that there is a military code and
supposedly of interrogations and that
code at least is somewhere this side of
of being being still civilized but gene
hospital I believe is taking it's going
to take this country now that she's
confirmed by only six votes that's
hardly a ringing endorsement over of her
candidacy it only took six Democrats to
vote for her to enable her to be
confirmed so thank you Democratic Party
for that all right
and so that'll be a lot of what we're
going to do were also very clear that
her her confirmation hearing was nothing
short of a psychological operation
because if you read in the mainstream
media the day before in the Washington
Post in other places that she was
actively coached by CIA personnel on
what to say how to answer questions and
so forth and you could see it and then
they had been okay a couple occasions
they were whispering in her ear during
hearing so under official law it's
prohibited for the CIA to carry out
propaganda in the United States a friend
of mine just pointed out a talk I gave
this week that there was a an act called
the Smith month act
Carlmont mu n DT was a senator of 1946
and in another senator fashioned the law
was prohibited propaganda by the US
government in the United States well
it's no surprise to say that there's
been propaganda forever in this country
but now when you watch that hearing of
King the hospital it was propaganda it
was it was a whole his very skillful and
a very classy missions a classy very the
opposite of classy a psychological
operation we will also make sure that we
continue to focus on having writers from
the global south will write about the
impacts of our US policy let me just
remind your listeners that every
president in our lifetimes has said the
magic words quote the United States is
the greatest nation on the face of the
earth unquote that is what is popularly
known as exceptionalism American
exceptionalism Obama himself was proud
to say we are exceptional his words well
that kind of leaves out all the 196
other countries in the world if you say
we're exceptional we are the greatest
nation in the face of the earth so we
will be writing and reporting a lot
about exceptionalism what it really
translates to in the daily lives of
people around this globe and that's what
we feel is our duty to to to come down
very clearly on this issue very good
thank you
well so let me um is there anything else
you want to add before before we go I do
want to add you got you and Chris and I
don't know anybody else are going to be
at left forum next weekend yes yes we're
going to have a panel
and we invite people in New York to come
it's at the I'm sorry he's school oh
yeah no it's at John Jay and John Jay
College of Criminal Justice own on his
own one of the great institutions of
learning I've given talks there in the
past and it's very impressive what they
are trying to do with Hearst
with their student body in their faculty
so it's on Saturday July 2nd I'm sorry
Saturday June 2nd starting at 2 o'clock
I don't know the room number but it's
easily you could check it on it on the
left forum website sure I'll put a link
on I'll put a little link on that thank
you to the onion but yeah so that'll be
exciting and what do you guys do guys
you're going to talk about relaunch of
the magazine or yeah well relaunching a
magazine what were what we're what our
vision is in which is now we've already
done relaunched magazine and as well
have several or board members two or
three of our board members will be
speaking there and then we're going to
open up to questions and discussion
because that's really the best part of
it we will also have a table there where
we'll have full sets of the magazine
available for purchase there and one of
our speakers I should not fail to
mention is the great William bloom BL um
ah who is the foremost historian on the
CIA he wrote several books including
killing hope and the other one is called
rogue state well which rogue state is he
writing about the United States is the
rogue state and so he's going to give a
talk and but we only have an hour and 15
minutes so we have to do it you know he
should be concise and then we want to
allow maximum all the time for people to
cross to share have used honest
discussion questions in the discussion
yeah what sounds fantastic people should
be really excited about and if
going to left farms and definitely put
that on theirs on their schedule of
things to check out and they can also
visit our website which is covert action
magazine all one word.com and then you
can look up our history you can look up
our who we are our board our Board of
Advisors and editors and if anybody out
there is interested in a job
we're looking for a marquee editor
somebody who would want to be our editor
please let us know there's a way to
reach us at the over there through the
website or you can call some email on my
email is hello uw7
the number seven hello eww seven hat
Live Li ve comm great I have you guys I
want someone that you guys also have a
for people who on Twitter you guys have
a Twitter account at covert action mag
ma G at covert action mag on Twitter and
ya know it's uh there's a lot there and
the website is great there's already you
know there's tons to read and look at so
it's it's what is it Twitter and
Facebook are not only over my head but I
have chosen a particularly in case of
Facebook to stay away from Facebook now
that we know a lot more about it and
what it represents and how it was used
as expressly used with connivance with
the US intelligence I promise to spread
people's private information all over
the world let me just lastly point out
who created Facebook it's a it's a
company called in-q-tel
I am - Q - te l think you tell is and
you can check this any way you want and
Q tell is a wholly-owned CIA proprietary
e which is a company which is conceived
to make money for the CIA but it's also
a perfect platform Facebook is for you
know people hand
on the silver platter everything
personal and very private right over to
them for anyone who wants to know so I
don't use Facebook but I know it says
yeah that's that's where it's at it's an
Intelligence Agency's dream really I
would I think that's probably one of the
biggest changes since you guys had
ceased publishing was the rise of the
Internet and and all this kind of thing
so what was no such thing when we
started a lot that even computers didn't
hardly exist
was it Tom solely where did you just not
to go back and not go too far back in
time but that how did you guys
where was your magazine sold as its in
kind of alternative bookstores and on on
newsstands all over or right yes we
tried to put it out anywhere and
everywhere we could in alternative
bookstores but also in mainstream
bookstores there was a bookstore on K
Street here in Washington DC and it was
as large as selling a magazine you
always put it in the front window and he
he sold out every issue we had to
resupply him and then one of the book
stores here in Washington and they told
me once that every time the new magazine
came out this guy in beautiful silk suit
used to walk in and buy every issue and
and why was that thing he was he was
clearly
operative and so well they could they
can take him home take him back to the
CIA and then we we resupplied in fact we
they sent us a check once to subscribe
so what do we do we printed the check
right on the front page so we I will
admit people we we did take 17 dollars
once yes oh that's great
well they did when they see they only
put their crest archive online I know
that there was I don't know that was
that maybe 12 issues that that they had
tucked away in there in 12 full issues
that they people had found in there so
that's something that's the truth it's
an ugly truth but it this way
well great Lulu I really appreciate you
taking the time not to talk and thank
you I really look forward to seeing what
you guys do and yeah I heard everybody
to go check out the website and and
support your project and I think a lot
of a lot of really good can come out of
this so thank you very much
[Music]
this is our hidden history
you